Hotfix v3.3.1 (#2429)
precice/precice: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. For future plans, see our [Roadmap](https://www.precice.org/fundamentals-roadmap.html).

## 3.3.1

- Added CMake option `Boost_USE_STATIC_LIBS` defaulting to OFF which forces Boost to find shared library by default. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/2415)

> - Fixed `#ifdef` in macro invocation. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/2424)

Reviewer: My point was about the phrasing of the changelog entry?

> - Fixed `#ifdef` in macro invocation. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/2424)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed preprocessor if inside function-like macro invocation leading to errors in MSVC. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/2424)
```
